Hello.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight and welcome to Leadership
and Communication Skills for Software Engineers.
Okay, let's see what I'll be covering and presenting in this course.
First, here's a story.
I was about two years out of graduate school and just loved to write software.
I worked for a major aerospace company, heads down, and cranked out code.
Life was grand.
Then after almost one year exactly, after I started with the company,
my boss' boss' boss came to me and say, hey,
I think you've been doing a nice job and I'd like you to lead a team for me,
maybe about 5 to 8 developers, and work with the customers,
figure out and document requirements, hold meetings,
write agendas, status reports, and oh yeah--by the way--you start tomorrow.
I was 26 and I didn't know squat about leadership or management,
so sometime between leaving his office and heading back to my cubicle,
the panic started to set in.
Hire, he said?
Build a team?
How do I do that?
Customers?
Who are they?
Where are they?
You mean, I have to get up and go introduce myself?
Hold and conduct meetings?
I have to be honest with you; I was overwhelmed.
I had never done anything remotely like that.
I loved coding software.
Well, this is what this class is all about.
If you've found yourself in a situation somewhat similar to this,
then this class is for you.
Okay, let's check out this quote.
Here are the results of a survey.
A survey of corporate recruiters conducted by the Graduate Management
Admission Council reported that 86% of corporate recruiters said
strong communication skills were a priority.
They didn't say they were required.
They said they were a priority.
So if you weren't sure why you were here or why you were taking this class,
maybe now you do. Let's check out some more reasons on why you're here.